docs/design: More details for distributed execution (#3598)
grafana/k6: docs/design/020-distributed-execution-and-test-suites.md

8. **Run teardown once**: Regardless of whether the test has finished nominally or prematurely, _something_ needs to detect that it _has_ finished and must run `teardown()` on only one of the available instances, even if there were errors during the test. This is important because `setup()` might have potentially allocated costly resources. That said, any errors during `teardown()` execution must also be handled nicely.
9. **End-of-test and handleSummary**: After `teardown()` has been executed, we _somehow_ need to produce the [end-of-test summary](https://k6.io/docs/results-output/end-of-test/) by executing the [`handleSummary()` function](https://k6.io/docs/results-output/end-of-test/custom-summary/) on a k6 instance _somewhere_. For the best UX, the differences between local and distributed k6 runs should be as minimal as possible, so the user should be able to see the end-of-test summary in their terminal or CI system, regardless of whether the k6 test was local or distributed.

> 10. **Cloud metrics output**: We need to support `k6 run -o cloud script.js` case, and unfortunately, it requires a [creation phase](https://github.com/grafana/k6/blob/b5a6febd56385326ea849bde25ba09ed6324c046/output/cloud/output.go#L184-L188) for the test for registering the test on the k6 Cloud platform. It means that in case of distributed test, we may end with registering the same test multiple times. Then, moving out from the Cloud metrics output the test creation phase sounds more or less a pre-requiste for being able to deliver and use a distributed execution integrated with k6 Cloud. In concrete, it means to address [#3282](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/3282). If we need to narrow down the scope then we may decide, for a fist experimental phase, to not support this use-case. It would error if the distributed execution runs with the Cloud metrics output (`-o cloud`) set.

Author: Moving logic to the coordinator means we are going to create a different execution path between the distributed and non-distributed versions.

Where instead, having `k6 cloud --local-run` would be the same execution path. It should allow to generate the cloud test run outside of the metrics output and only after inject the variable.

```go
func cmdCloud() {
   if runLocal {
     cloudTest := createCloudTest()
     output := cloud.NewOutput(parms)
     output.SetTestRunID(cloudTest.ID)
     output.Start()
   }
}
```

In summary, if we make the `k6 coordinator` node dumb enough and the metric transmission efficient enough, it'd be much more likely for a test to fail because of a bad script that eats up all of the RAM, or because of network issues, or due to all sorts of other potential problems on the `agent` side... So, a non-highly-available `k6 coordinator` is probably good enough, at least to start with.

#### Disruption resilience

Based on the high availability assumption described, the architecture is intentionally not very highly resilient to disruption. Below, the process described for the components in the event of disruption.

##### Coordinator

> For its nature of being a single point of failure, the `Coordinator` results to be the most impactful part of the architecture in case of disruption.
> 
> In the event, Testcoordinator disappear the agent instances will not be able to complete the test as they will remain in a stuck status waiting for the connection to return reliable, after the gRPC connection's defined timeout expires, each agent instance will abort the ongoing test run and will shut down.
> 
> In the event, a graceful shutdown (SIGTERM signal received) is initiated by Testcoordinator then it is expected to execute the flow described in test abortion section.
> 
> ##### Agent
> 
> Eventually, Agent instances could be more resilient.
> 
> If an instance at some point disappear, the system should tolerate this failure in some percentage requested by the user or by the default value. It means that a rendezvous point on the Sync API will have a timeout and if all the instances haven't reached the same point in a specified time frame then the Testcoordinator will remove those instances from the number of required instances for the sync consensus. 
> 
> However, in a first experimental version, is not expected to implement and support this described scenario. The flow will let the instances stuck on the rendezvous point that at some point will make the request timing out and the Agent instance will start the abortion flow.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
For its nature of being a single point of failure, the coordinator node results to be the most impactful part of the architecture in case of disruption.

If the coordinator disappears the agent instances will not be able to complete the test as they will remain in a stuck status waiting for the connection to return reliable, after the gRPC connection's defined timeout expires, each agent instance will abort the ongoing test run and will shut down.

In the event, that a graceful shutdown (SIGTERM signal received) is initiated by the coordinator node then it is expected to execute the flow described in the test abortion section.

##### Agent

Eventually, Agent instances could be more resilient.

If an instance at some point disappears, the system should tolerate this failure in some percentage requested by the user or by the default value. It means that a rendezvous point on the Sync API will have a timeout and if all the instances haven't reached the same point in a specified time frame then the coordinator will remove those instances from the number of required instances for the sync consensus. 

However, the first experimental version is not expected to implement and support this described scenario. The flow will let the instances stuck on the rendezvous point that at some point will make the request time out and the Agent instance will start the abortion flow.
```
